3/23/08 04:39

Joseph Candoloro

You should have received your duplicate care packages by now. If not, contact the concierge at the Intercontinental and have him forward you your original package (reference #'s, as always, the total number of letters in your name followed by your last name shifted forward one letter, like 15DBOEPMPSP). He's been instructed to send no-questions-asked if these ref #'s are used. Do NOT contact me.

Bon Voyage!





History of Intercontinental Hotel

Four Time Diamond Pillow Award Winner

Only one hotel in Gotham has boasted visits from five prime ministers, eight Nobel Prize winners and twelve reigning beauty queens. Truly, when you are a guest at the Gotham Intercontinental, you are in good company.

Built in 1903, the Intercontinental was the tallest building in Gotham for over 50 years. It was a dream project for oil tycoon H.R. Pettensberg, who had always wanted this luxury hotel to dominate the skyline of his hometown. Originally called "Pettensberg Palaces," the Intercontinental underwent a make-over in 1974...and we never looked back.

Since then, the Intercontinental has been the hot spot for foreign dignitaries, world-famous athletes and anyone who demands the finer things in life. Perhaps that's why we received the coveted Diamond Pillow Award from the Gotham Chamber of Commerce for the last four years in a row.

Emeril and Gretchen Hollistere are currently the proud owners of the Gotham Intercontinental. During your stay, make sure to stop in and say, "Hello."




Attractions

Just a cab ride away

Things to do in Gotham

While staying at the Gotham Intercontinental, make sure to take advantage of our plethora of great tourist attractions; they're all just a cab ride away.

For example, take a spin on the trolley. Or backpack in the nearby Gotham Hills. Or, if leisure is your game, just remain in your suite and enjoy a foot massage from a member of our renowned staff.

One thing's for sure: you won't have a care in the world when you're seeing the sights and letting your hair down. So, what are you waiting for? Start living it up now at the Gotham Intercontinental.




Dining

Start every day off the right way with gourmet food 

If you wake up to the tantalizing scent of Belgian waffles mingling with fresh salmon, lingonberries and sparkling mimosas, then you must be staying near our award-winning Scampi Lounge. Start every day off the right way with gourmet food served by our friendly Gotham Intercontinental wait staff.

But, breakfast isn't our only claim to fame. One taste of our famous duck a l'orange will leave you begging for more. You also have to try the chef's special: Pacfic mussels served on a bed of curried basmati rice.

The sky's the limit when it comes to your satisfaction. So, stop by the Scampi Lounge and order up!



Make it a very special occasion

Planning a wedding, bar mitzvah or class reunion? Then, you should vist our Crystal Banquet Hall, a multi-purpose gathering place for social groups both large and small.

We've got a swing band that could make your party hop and a jazz trio that adds romance to any soiree. But, make sure to call ahead; our talented musicians will be happy to entertain you, but their dance card fills up quickly.